{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I looked at the 2019 Citibike data for this analysis, excluding the Winter months where ridership is generally lower. The first \'93phenomenon\'94 I looked at was which Citibike stations were most popular and how many minutes people rode Citbikes for from them. I\'92ve included a map indicating the top 10 most popular Citibike stations that users start their trips from. These stations were located near large Subway stations where multiple train lines meet. A closer look at the difference in trip duration between user types tells us that while subscribers typically take shorter rides (possibly for commuting) and customers take longer rides (likely for leisurely sightseeing/fun), a majority of them all start from the same popular locations. The second phenomenon I looked into was the relationship between ridership and age. I\'92ve included a map showing the age demographic breakdown of the City, red being younger ages and green being older. We can see that most of our riders are between the ages of 20 and 40 as well. While this is not the most surprising information, it could provide useful evidence for the City to add more bike lanes or introduce new Citibike related activities for younger demographics around the boroughs. }